# persistence
The title of this work is "Correlating Teachers' Engagement in Online Discussions with their Persistence in Professional Development." This research was presented at the 44th Annual Meeting of the North American Chapter of the International group for the Psychology of Mathematics Education in 2022. This research was conducted by Anthony Matranga at California State University San Marcos and Jason Silverman at Drexel University. The presentation slides can be found at https://csusm-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/amatranga_csusm_edu/EZtFJD2jn6ZImGtbHWrmaQEBCbhRMuGZx9eF7cJ3SRBhEg?e=xjc5Fg. The paper associated with this work can be found in the conference proceedings http://www.pmena.org/pmenaproceedings/PMENA%2044%202022%20Proceedings.pdf (p. 1426-1430). 

If any code or ideas from this work are used, please use the following citation to reference our work:

Matranga, A., & Silverman, J. (2022). Correlating teachers’ engagement in online discussions with their persistence in professional development. Lischka, A. E., Dyer, E. B., Jones, R. S., Lovett, J. N., Strayer, J., & Drown, S. (Eds). (2022). Proceedings of the forty-fourth annual meeting of the North American Chapter of the International Group for the Psychology of Mathematics Education. Middle Tennessee State University, November 17-20, 2022. Nashville, TN.

Data description: The data for this project includes discussion board data and participant persistence data in a sequence of online professional development workshops. 
-Discussion board data: This data is the raw data exported from our lms. The data includes information about the time, date, and author of discussion forum posts. More specifically, the data includes 13 columns -> Course ID, Course Name, MessageID, Posted Date, Last Edit Date, Subject, Msg Text, ForumName, InReplyTo, ThreadID, User ID, FirstName, LastName. The code in this project generates an interactional data set from these columns. The interactional data set is used to create a social network graph object and associated centrality measures. 
-Persistence data: This data was generated by recording participant completion of our online courses. Further details for how this data was generated can be found in our paper linked above. 

Code description: This code can be used to generate social network objects, conduct individual centrality measures, and correlate participant persistence in learning experiences with their centrality. 